A- Avoid negative sources people, places, things and bad habits
B- Believe in yourself
C- Consider things from every angle
D- Dont give up, dont give in, dont let a damn thing get you down
E- Enjoy life today, yesterday is gone and tomorrow never come
F- Family and friends are hidden treasures talk to them and enjoy riches
G- Give more than you can to give each day
H- Hang on to your dream
I- Ignore the bullshit
J- Just do it
K- Keep on trying, no matter how it seems ,it will get easier
L- Love your first and most love god always
M- Make it happen
N- Never let them see you sweat
O- Open your eyes to see everything around
P- Practice make perfect
Q- Quitter never win, winners never quit
R- Read learn and study about everything important in life
S- Stop procrastinating
T- Take control of your destiny
U- Understand yourself first so that you can better understand others
V- Visualize it
W- Want it more than anything, to let mind focus on true goals career family and work hard to realize it
X- X you already marked your spot in the world, try to make everyone notice it
Y- You are unique of all gods grace and noone can replace
Z- Zero in on your target and go for it

1. Dual system of thinking
2. Cognitive biases
3. Prospect theory
4. Loss aversion
5. Systematic errors and heuristics

Whatever options are available to you at any given moment. Choose the one that contains more excitement than any other, even if it's just a little bit more. Act on it to the best of your ability. Taking it as far as you can until you can take it no further. Do this with integrity. Do this with absolutely no assumption. No insistence on what the outcome ought to be or how it choud look or how you shoud get there whatsoever. When you that three part formula: act on your hignest excitement to the best of your ability with no insistence on the outcome. You open up and activate the kit the tool kit of excitement. The tool kit contains everything you need to be supported in life in whatever form it needs to come in. The driving engine that moves you through life. The organizing principle on synchronicity that allows you to do what you need to do when you need to do it in perfect timing in perfect order. It becomes the path of least resistence that allows you to flow through your life effortlessly. It becomes the path that connects you to all other expressions of your excitement even if they don't look like they're connected on the surface. It's the excitement that tells you that they are and it becomes the reflective mirror that reveals to you anything.