### Job Interview Questions and Advice

**1. TELL ME ABOUT YOURSELF AND BACKGROUND**
- **Advice:** Share your work journey, mentioning the explicit experience you built up that would help with this job. Tell them about your passions and hobbies and what skills they built up. Aim to keep this under 5 minutes.

**2. WHAT SETS YOU APART FROM OTHER CANDIDATES?**
- **Advice:** Talk about your top strengths and ensure you relate them back to the role. Discuss any unique strengths and how you built them. Even bring in your extensive research about the company.

**3. TELL ME A TIME WHEN YOU COULDN’T MEET A DEADLINE AND HOW YOU DECIDED TO HANDLE IT?**
- **Advice:** Discuss honestly how things didn’t go as you expected. Share how you reflected on this and learnt a lesson. Explain how you would have handled it with this new knowledge.

**4. WHY DO YOU WANT TO WORK FOR THIS COMPANY?**
- **Advice:** Show you’ve done your research, mention things you really like. Relate it to the position and how you align with it. Be passionate and excited.

**5. WHAT ARE THE MAIN STRENGTHS YOU’LL BRING TO US?**
- **Advice:** Discuss your main strengths in relation to the role. Talk about any experience and how these developed over time. Share how you think these strengths will directly benefit them.

**6. SHARE AN EXAMPLE OF WHEN YOU WERE WORKING WITH SOMEONE WHO’S DIFFICULT. HOW DID YOU HANDLE WORKING WITH THEM?**
- **Advice:** Explain how you communicated very clearly with them to ensure nothing was missed. Share that you went in with empathy as you never know what others are going through. Discuss the common ground you reached and what you learned from it.

**7. HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH PRESSURE OR STRESSFUL SITUATIONS?**
- **Advice:** Share an instance when you remained calm despite the turmoil. Discuss how it’s been a continuous journey of improvement and talk about how you’ve learnt with every new experience.

**8. WHAT IS THE HARDEST PROBLEM YOU’VE EVER TACKLED?**
- **Advice:** Explain the caliber of the problem and its importance. Discuss how you approached it despite the difficulty. Explain clearly how you solved it and the impact that had.

**9. WHAT WOULD YOU SAY ARE YOUR WEAKNESSES AND HOW WOULD YOU IMPROVE THEM?**
- **Advice:** Be honest, share actual weaknesses not “I work too hard”. Ensure the weakness isn’t a core skill of the role. Show them the action steps you have in place to improve it.

**10. WHY DID YOU WANT TO LEAVE YOUR CURRENT POSITION?**
- **Advice:** Flip the question and talk positively about your current place of work. But highlight how you wanted a new challenge/improve of areas of your skillset. Discuss the importance of growth and improvement with new challenges.

**11. DESCRIBE A SITUATION WHERE YOU HAD TO HANDLE MULTIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES. HOW DID YOU MANAGE YOUR TIME?**
- **Advice:** Describe how you were organized and prepared. Discuss what techniques you used to multi task. Use a specific example and discuss the impact of the result.

**12. DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS FOR US?**
- **Advice:** Use this time very wise as a great way of showing your research. Select 3-5 very precise and important questions. Ask them politely and respected.